Add new `pull_request_labeled` triggering event (#2210)
codemagic-ci-cd/codemagic-docs: content/yaml-running-builds/starting-builds-automatically.md

      condition: not event.pull_request.draft
{{< /highlight >}}

> **Example 2**. This build will *not* continue if the new label added to a pull request is not a specific label name, "codemagicTest" in the following sample:

Reviewer: This explanation doesn't seem to go with the example as you have a double negative here ("will not continue" and "is not a specific label name").
```suggestion
**Example 2**. This build is triggered on adding a label to a pull request but will continue only if the label added was anything else than "codemagicTest":
```

{{< highlight yaml "style=paraiso-dark">}}
workflows:
  build:
    name: Build on PR update
    triggering:
      events:
        - pull_request_labeled
    when:
      condition: not event.pull_request.label.name == "codemagicTest"
{{< /highlight >}}

> **Example 3**. You can also combine triggering conditions, just make sure that each condition is wrapped with brackets:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Example 3**. You can also combine triggering conditions, just make sure that each condition is wrapped in brackets:
```
